when it comes to my professional life i
consider myself a little like danny
ocean
and not just because of the you know
world travel fashion sense and uh flashy
cars
but because often in order to do what i
do i need to be able to get in and out
of a secure area with no one the wiser
only instead of casinos and banks my
theater of operations is
consumer electronics
and instead of circumventing high-tech
laser security systems and armed guards
i
carefully remove those warranty void
stickers without damaging them so that
they can be reapplied
it's a wild ride living your life on the
razor's edge and you know what
i'm gonna be showing you guys how to do
it today
[Music]
i buy power and msi's new lineup of
gaming laptops feature intel 7th
generation core i7 processors check them
out at the link below
warranty stickers
here's a question
are those even legally binding
let's check in with the linus tech tips
legal team for a brief primer
oh hi
now as you may or may not know a
warranty included in the box with an
electronic device like a game console or
smartphone is actually just a kind of
contract now if one side breaks or
breaches a contract the other side
doesn't have to perform in this case
that would mean that the manufacturer
could void your warranty
but there's an exception to this there's
a u.s federal law called the magnuson
moss warranty act of 1975. now this is a
law that says a manufacturer can't make
a tie-in sale a condition of a warranty
well what's that well a tie-in sale is
when a warranty says that you can only
get your device repaired at an
authorized dealer or use authorized
replacement parts so this means if you
decide to repair your device on your own
or use an aftermarket part they can't
void your warranty
just based on that and that includes
breaking those little warranty voided
remove stickers so if the law covers
these stickers why do manufacturers keep
putting them on their products well the
manufacturers know that the only way
that they can be forced to provide
warranty service is if somebody takes
them to court and sues them over the
sticker unfortunately the companies also
know that the cost of hiring a lawyer
and actually going through with this is
usually going to be a lot higher than
just getting the product repaired in the
first place me these companies are more
or less getting away with this and it'll
probably take something like a class
action lawsuit which is essentially a
bunch of people suing one or more
companies to end this behavior the only
time that either opening your device or
performing a self-repair or taking it to
a third-party repair shop can actually
void your warranty is if they do an
improper repair or an improper upgrade
that actually causes the device to
malfunction or break this simply means
don't break your own stuff and you'll
still be covered under a warranty it's
against the law for these manufacturers
to tell you that you don't have a right
to try to repair your product on your
own terms
[Music]
thanks john
now let's get to what you all came to
see
legality aside what is the best way to
remove and replace a warranty sticker so
that an apathetic minimum wage employee
can't tell you did it
there are tons of tips online about this
but we felt the need to test them for
ourselves because
as you guys know very well
just because someone posts something
online doesn't mean it's a good idea and
you wouldn't believe the number of
unqualified people posting up
disreputable tech advice these days
the electrostatic bag and heat gun combo
method wasn't a runaway success it
actually did work modestly well on
stickers that were already fairly loose
or poorly applied in the first place but
in tougher situations we often ended up
tearing the sticker
while the materials you need are very
likely to be lying around and the
non-stick properties of the bag are
helpful
it's also extremely unwieldy and hard to
control so this one's a bit like using a
medical glove as a condom sure it might
work in certain situations but it should
never be your go-to solution
[Music]
steam
it works for letters so it should work
for stickers right
wrong
your reservations about exposing your
electronics to a jet of gaseous water
aside the steam just ended up being far
harder on the sticker itself than it was
on the glue holding it
while it did weaken the bond somewhat it
also caused the sticker to fall apart
like a twice used tissue so
10 out of 10 highly recommended
ign
a straight utility or hobby knife
probably seems like a bit of a dicey
proposition
and it is
yes
with sufficient care
patience
and luck
it is possible to remove a sticker with
minimal to no damage by this method
but
a simple slip of the hand or a little
too much pressure at the wrong moment
can easily lead to a cut or a tear that
will give the game away
or worse put an unsightly scratch or
scuff on your precious device
next we found a guide online in which a
fellow canuck actually went through this
process
for building a teflon knife for exactly
this purpose
but unfortunately
sourcing the materials and manufacturing
this kind of tool
is both costly and potentially dangerous
without sufficient tools and training
so our journey for a low-cost easy
solution continued
we eventually found ourselves deep in
the darkest dankest and most
dangerous parts of the internet a
community of competitive rubik's cube
enthusiasts
and it was actually there that we found
our holy grail
a plastic razor specifically designed
for peeling the stickers off toy puzzle
cubes
it removes warranty stickers just as
easily as a metal razor but is a lot
more forgiving in terms of avoiding
damage to the product
it was not only able to lift the
warranty protection off a ps4 but it
also managed to peel back the entire
warranty label on a hard drive intact
now both metal and plastic razors work
much better with a little solvent to
help them but you need to be careful
about what you use
you can find an almost inexhaustible
list of household products that people
claim will work to help remove adhesives
but it's not always necessary or even
advisable to encase your sticker in
peanut butter freeze it overnight
sprinkle it with ginger or rub it with
the dew of north facing leaves
so we tried out the three most
reasonable and easily accessible
solvents that you're likely to have
kicking around nail polish remover
rubbing alcohol and vinegar
nail polish remover was very effective
at immediately removing the glue
and dissolving most of the sticker as
well
vinegar fell on the opposite end of the
spectrum even after leaving it to soak
it barely made a dent in the adhesive
and when we attempted to pry the sticker
off there was significant tearing
isopropyl alcohol hits the perfect sweet
spot in terms of loosening the sticker
enough that we could get a prying tool
in
without damaging it in the process
now it is important to note that some
stickers are designed to peel back and
leave residue on the surface changing
the appearance of the sticker to read
void and prevent replacement if you come
across this use a marker or a rollerball
pen to color the reverse of the sticker
as you lift it that should allow you to
press the sticker back down and maintain
the appearance that it hasn't been moved
though it should be noted that this
won't help in cases where the
manufacturer would have to remove that
sticker in order to perform whatever
warranty repair is required now in a
perfect world none of this would matter
because
consumer protection laws
but on planet earth where i live anytime
you open your device there's a very
strong chance that if your manufacturer
realizes it they will refuse to honor
your warranty without a costly and
potentially very time consuming legal
battle
so whether you want to make an upgrade
to a pre-built computer change out a
cooler on a graphics card or just poke
around inside your gadgets because they
belong to you out of principle
do it carefully and we hope you guys
found this guide helpful
freshbooks is the cloud-based accounting
solution for small business owners and
freelancers in a nutshell it takes
everything that you love about
accounting
which is
nothing
and makes it easier and faster it also
takes the stuff you don't love about it
makes that easier and faster too it
works on your computer it works on your
phone and it allows you to do all that
boring stuff throughout the day and on
the go instead of being stuck at the end
of a long workday staring at your
accounting software so whether it's
snapping a picture of an expense report
or whether it's firing off a
professional looking invoice in less
than 30 seconds to a client you can get
it done quickly with freshbooks they've
also got the ability to take payments
through the platform and even see when
your client has seen your invoice
and even see when your client has seen
your invoice so you can put an end to
the guessing games for a 30-day free
trial head to freshbooks.com tech tips
and enter linus tech tips in the how did
you hear about us section
so thanks for watching if this video
sucked you know what to do but if it was
great hit the like button get subscribed
maybe consider checking out where to buy
the stuff we featured at the link in the
video description also down there is our
merch store where you can buy cool
shirts like
this one and our community forum which
you should totally join